[docs][intro/readme]: add admission simple description (#144)
hwameistor/hwameistor: docs/docs/3.architecture_of_hwameistor/3.2.modules/3.2.5.admission_controller.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
sidebar_label: "Admission Controller"
---

> # Admission Controller

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# admission-controller
```

> Admission Controller is a webhook that can automatically verify which pod uses the HwameiStor volume and, help to modify the schedulerName to hwameistor-scheduler. The specific principle can be referred to [K8S Dynamic Admission Control](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
admission-controller is a webhook that can automatically verify which pod uses the HwameiStor volume and, help to modify the schedulerName to hwameistor-scheduler. For the specific principle, refer to [K8S Dynamic Admission Control](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/extensible-admission-controllers/).
```

> # How to identify HwameiStor volume?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to identify a HwameiStor volume?
```

> Admission Controller will first obtain all the PVCs used by the pod, and judge the [provisioner](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/) of each PVC in turn. If the name suffix of the provisioner is found to be *.hwameistor.io, it is considered that the pod uses the volume provided by HwameiStor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
admission-controller gets all the PVCs used by a pod, and checks the [provisioner](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/) of each PVC in turn. If the name suffix of the provisioner is `*.hwameistor.io`, it is believed that the pod is using the volume provided by HwameiStor.
```
